add guide to migrate from a contract to a parachain runtime (#282)
paritytech/ink-docs: docs/intro/migrate-to-parachain.md

```rust=
#[pallet::storage]
pub type NameToAddress<T: Config> = StorageMap<_, Blake2_128Concat, T::Hash, T::AccountId>;
```

`name_to_owner: Mapping<Hash, AccountId>,` also translates to a `StorageMap`:

```rust=
#[pallet::storage]
pub type NameToOwner<T: Config> = StorageMap<_, Blake2_128Concat, T::Hash, T::AccountId>;
```

Reading and writing these storage values must all be done explicitly, in contrast with `ink!` which can do so automatically for non "lazy" values. When it comes to migrating the messages, this will be demonstrated.

### Error Definition

Simply copy across the variants of the `enum Error` to the equivalent `#[pallet::error]` definition. In our case we end up with:

```rust=
#[pallet::error]
pub enum Error<T> {
    /// Returned if the name already exists upon registration.
    NameAlreadyExists,
    /// Returned if caller is not owner while required to.
    CallerIsNotOwner,
}
```
Note that the `T` generic parameter is not used in this case, the `error` macro handles the generation of `PhantomData<T>`. If we use some environmental types we can use the `T` similar to the event definition.

### Constructors

> In this example, the single is simply initializing the storage to empty values. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, the single constructor is simply initializing the storage to empty values. 
```

```rust=
#[ink(message)]
pub fn get_address(&self, name: Hash) -> AccountId {
    self.get_address_or_default(name)
}

fn get_address_or_default(&self, name: Hash) -> AccountId {
    self.name_to_address
        .get(name)
        .unwrap_or(self.default_address)
}
```
Can be queried *without* any modifications to the `NameToAddress` storage type:

```rust=
#[pallet::storage]
pub type NameToAddress<T: Config> = StorageMap<_, Blake2_128Concat, T::Hash, T::AccountId>;
```
`subxt` would generate the following accessor for querying the storage:

```rust=
let storage_query = my_custom_chain::storage().dns().name_to_address(&name);

// Use that query to `fetch` a result. This returns an `Option<_>`, which will be
// `None` if no value exists at the given address. You can also use `fetch_default`
// where applicable, which will return the default value if none exists.
let result = api
    .storage()
    .at_latest()
    .await?
    .fetch(&storage_query)
    .await?;
```

### Data Migration

Data migration can be done at either genesis time or once the custom parachain is up and running. 

#### Retrieving the data from the contract

> In both cases it the first step is to download the current state of the contract at a fixed point in time, ensuring that no changes can be made to the contract after that. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In both cases the first steps are to first download the current state of the contract at a fixed point in time, and then ensuring that no changes can be made to the contract after that. 
```

An alternative would be querying the contract storage directly, but currently there are no good tools for this, and it would require some key calculation for retrieving the data at all storage locations. Additionally the contract would still need to be "frozen" somehow to ensure no changes can be made to the contract state.

#### Initializing the pallet 

Once the data has been downloaded and serialized, it can be used to initialize the state of the custom parachain runtime. This can be hardcoded in a `#[pallet::genesis_build]` impl block. See https://docs.substrate.io/reference/how-to-guides/basics/configure-genesis-state/.

Alternatively the state could be initialized via dispatchable extrinsic(s) which initialize the storage.

### Adjusting UIs

User interfaces will need to be adjusted to interact with a pallet rather than a contract. This should be relatively straightforward since client libraries usually have first-class support for interacting with Substrate pallets, and the signing etc. should already be integrated.

> 
> 
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
